# Fast Image Processing with Fully-Convolutional Networks

Qifeng Chen et al., 2017

## Background

A variety of advanced operators have been proposed.

Acceleration demands significant expertise and may not generalize across operators.

One general approach: downsample-evaluate-upsample. Drawbacks: some operators work slow even at low resolution; high-frequency content of the image may not be modeled properly.

## Related Work

Like downsample-evaluate-upsample, downsampling is adopted in their method under the same assumption of preserved spatial layout.

Other work considers system infrastructure and programming language.

Closest works include Xu [75], Liu [51], Yan [77].

Xu used deep nets to approximate a variety of edge-preserving filers.
Comments: not end-to-end, restricted to edge-preserving smoothing, limited performance.

Liu combined a convolutional network and a set of recurrent networks to approximate a variety of filters.
Comments: not fast or good enough.

Yan also applied deep nets to image adjustment. The network has a receptive field of a single pixel. The contextual information is only provided by hand-crafted input features.
Comments: spatial context relies on extraneous preprocessing.

## Solution

The trained network operates at **full** resolution and runs in constant time.

The FCN is trained on input-output pairs that demonstrate the operator's action.

All operators are apprximated by the same model.

## Result

Dataset: MIT-Adobe (generalizable)

Evaluations (on 10 advanced image processing operators):
* Approximation accuracy (PSNR, DSSIM)
* Runtime (fastest)
* Compactness (Memory footprint)

## TODO
* Learn the process of acceleration of bilateral filter.
* Variational methods and other operators.
* Why the model generalize across operators and datasets?
* PSNR and DSSIM?

  $MSE=\frac{1}{mn}\sum_{i=0}^{m-1}\sum_{j=0}^{n-1}[I(i,j)-K(i,j)]^2$, measures distance between two images.

  $PSNR=10\cdot \log_{10}(\frac{MAX_I^2}{MSE})$

  $DSSIM(x,y)=\frac{1-SSIM(x,y)}{2}$, structual dissimilarity, does not constitute a distance metric.